WIP: Add governance.md (#3)
catalyst-network/Community: governance/playbooks/responses/first-warning.md

> [[at-mention]] your comment was [[minimized|deleted]] as a violation of [the Electron Code of Conduct](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). You may consider this an official warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[at-mention]] your comment was [[minimized|deleted]] as a violation of [the Catalyst Network Code of Conduct](https://github.com/catalyst-network/Community/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). You may consider this an official warning.
```
